meet Lisa maggiorin mother self-taught
Baker and owner of loopy dupes cookies a
small New Canaan Baking Company adored
by many for its giant half pound treats
I had one lady write me on my my website
and she said I just had one of your
oatmeal raisin chocolate chips and I
swear I'm gonna eat those for breakfast
every day loopy dupes are available in
three flavors at a number of New Canaan
locations and online not many can resist
them except loopy dupe herself I was an
addict I was a sugar holic if you were
to put a cookie in front of me I could
not just eat one four years ago a bad
case of food poisoning changed all that
majora decided to give up chocolate cake
and cookies for good I have to tell you
it kills me not to eat them and I always
say when I make my first million dollars
I will have one of my cookies with a
family providing quality control
maggiorin has high hopes that loopy
dupes is on the fast track to become a
million dollar business I just go big or
go home you know
Sharan launched the company last year
when I'm decision to do something big
for her daughter's volleyball team met
rave reviews so I made these big cookies
and the first time I brought them in the
girls were over-the-top with excitement
it wasn't long before now Sharon's giant
four dollar cookie started showing up in
local stores and selling out I had one
lady come up to me at the sidewalk sale
and she said I just ate the whole thing
and I said oh my gosh that's great and
then she bought another one it's cute
cheers cute very cute to meet local
Damone's Lisa makes a few dozen cookies
a week online orders can nearly double
that and here I'm baking for people who
are in Alabama California they're all
over the place
I just can't wait for what's to come but
no matter how successful maggiorin says
she'll always listen to loopy you really
just have to straight stay true to who
you are and do what you're going to do
what's in your heart for podge this is
us miss